plus
sometimes
hello my name is marta fernandez and
I want to show a very easy reality
with natural Greek yogurt last night for
this recipe we are going to occupy a potato the
let's cut into slices not so have
more or less thick and we're going to cut it and
let's make some delicious potatoes in the light
back is very good for roasting
example to accompany meats power
see yourself to move the area then
let's have a piece of paper
aluminum cut into square shape
we are going to put the potato on paper
trying to keep the shape
and so with fernando care we're going to
put between each slice a little bit of
these ingredients the onion our
opinion is the tomato they will give you for
others played then the potato is going to go
cooking among all these we go with
these flavors let's put a little bit of
Pepper
and you also add more salts
there too
a little bit more than what you think
any lapse may be necessary if
we do not have back and this would add a
little bit of natural yogurt wants to give
exquisite creaminess and it will not allow
our potatoes in the teques
we do for example to berlin
port we are going to start to put
and for the touch we are going to add some
cubes of butter on the potato
and we are going to do it
and ready a recipe will be set very
simple very easy that you can
bake with about 20
minutes or put on the grill and
accompanied rich to the chain equal the
papaya tear baked the head and
very carefully
we open the paper and to take it to the
table we are going to put a little bit of
Olive oil lit a little shine
full of case and chosen a little leaf of
plastic break a bit and we're going to do
what creates the variegated taste more
entertained so there's the potato that
this recipe super easy to make and
transparent of love because they can be
accompany with complicated crankcase with what
that you want to grill
same